RAPL - The RNA-Seq Analysis PipeLine 
*************************************

Table of content
================

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   index	      
   subcommands      
   installation
   versions	      

What is RAPL?
=============

*RNA-Seq Analysis PipeLine* (*RAPL*) is - as the name implies - a
pipeline for the computational analysis of RNA-Seq data. It was
originally developed to process dRNA-Seq reads (as introduced by
Sharma *et al.*, Nature,
2010) originating from bacterial samples. Meanwhile is was extended to
process data generated in different experimental setups and
originating from all domain of life. It was applied to analyze
numerous data sets.

RAPL follows the principal of *convention over configuration*

Cite
====

If you use RALP for your research please cite the following reference:
*RNA-Seq Analysis PipeLine (RAPL) – A tool for the computational
analysis of deep-sequencing based transcriptome data*.
Konrad U. Förstner, Jörg Vogel, Cynthia M. Sharma; (in preparation)

Source code
===========

The source code of RAPL can be found at https://github.com/konrad/rapl.

License
=======

RAPL is open source software and available under the ISC license.

Copyright (c) 2013, Konrad Förstner <konrad.foerstner@uni-wuerzburg.de>

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for
any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the
above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all
copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR
PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER
TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

Contact
=======

For question and requests feel free to contact Konrad Förstner <konrad.foerstner@uni-wuerzburg.de>
